C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.deps.json
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.dll
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.pdb
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.dll
C:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.pdb
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.Views.dll
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.Views.pdb
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Product\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.Views.pdb
c:\Users\fela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Web Development\Core 2 Application\New Code Solution\AutoCompleteTextBox\AutoCompleteTextBox\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\AutoCompleteTextBox.csproj.CopyComplete
